Please review and update as needed (#2)
flupes/svplume: _posts/2022-04-15-survey.md

---
title: 2022 Survey
date: 2022-04-15T12:00:00+00:00
author: cecile
layout: post
permalink: /2022/survey/
categories:
  - Others
---

We had to complete an insurance survey this year, which resulted in a very positive report. In its final remarks, it notes: *"PLUME shows a high level of care and maintenance by knowledgeable owners; it is deemed in **Bristol condition**, a pleasure to survey!"*

> The survey praises the quality of the interior and exterior finishes. Since we bought Plume as a Hull and Deck Kit 3, while we contributed significantly to the finishing work, the factory was responsible for the complex carpentry, including the teak hatches, teak knees, storm hoods, sliding chart table, folding table, bowsprit, and more. Therefore the following praise should be shared between the factory and us: *"The quality of the interior and exterior finishes is on par with a factory finished boat."* 

Reviewer: The Since/while is not readable.
```suggestion
We bought Plume as a Hull and Deck Kit 3. While we contributed significantly to the finishing work, we commissioned the factory’s excellent carpenter, Alonzo, to complete the more complex pieces—teak hatches, teak knees, storm hoods, the sliding chart table, folding table, and bowsprit. The survey’s praise should therefore be shared between the factory and us: *“The quality of the interior and exterior finishes is on par with a factory-finished boat.”*
```

Reviewer: And the post is not formatted, but it was actually easier to suggest a correction ...
